---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: matt.moloney
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 1LF4X9srM3QeujzZ4ZIzI1ki5TpYLUQ2vI3Z4R-J5waU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Exercise 3/4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes (Exercise 3)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I missed the last 2 lessons, I felt like I did not really know what to do at the start of the lesson. I asked my Partner to help and he did. I found that really useful. Also trial and error. If I did not know what to do, I would try something else. I am happy how I, and my partner, progressed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not getting distracted talking about the work, put being more practical. Doing more rather than mulling over it. Also I need to try and share using the fuse box more (I feel like I am sometimes not letting him help). Also I need to stop my partner from getting distracted and losing focus.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will be more concentrated when doing the work, spending less unnecessary time on reading things twice, or even three times. Also I will make my Partner more involved by letting him have more time than me on the fuse box, which will make him focus more. Also, I will try and set up quicker, not wasting time waiting around asking unnecessary questions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


