---
title: Week 15 - 13/06/17
layout: post
author: matt.moloney
permalink: /week-15---13/06/17/
source-id: 1-AFhQpSBW6XuzEqIUieisNNKX09Ur9Jo-1KG9URDlEo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 15</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>28%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>35%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Nearly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I was lucky to find somebody who was on the same section of coding as me. This helped as we are both were able to help each other if we got stuck and we were able to try new things yet keep the code we had already done. I also asked the teacher to explain some things to me which turned out to be very useful. The teacher helped me understand the code properly so then I was able to think outside the box whilst still understanding what I was doing. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I thought I focused really well last lesson and I thought I did some excellent coding. Although it may not look like I have done very much coding in the lesson, I feel like I now understand the code a lot more and can proceed further in the coming weeks. I think I do need to work on watching out for silly errors in the code, for example I sometimes spell some words wrong which cause the whole code to go wrong. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next lesson I will check if I've made any mistakes and is there easy to correct. If they are not easy to correct I will think outside of the box and keep trying. If it gets incredibly hard then I will ask other classmates for help.  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


