---
title: Week 16 - 20/06/17
layout: post
author: matt.moloney
permalink: /week-16---20/06/17/
source-id: 18V239IvlDF-vGWTjLKLmNyHqv3kAD33Cthiy_M5EDP8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 16 </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>33%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>37%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we moved onto things that were more difficult. I was working along with one of my classmates and we both struggled. We actually did do some work although it may not seem like that as we only got to 33% but I felt like I did do some work and it was not a wasted lesson. I learned by asking classmates what I've done wrong and it turned out that the instructions were wrong for an exercise and had the instructions been correct it would've been much easier to fix, so that is not my fault.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I still need to learn the code a bit better and sometimes I get stuck on the basics. I think I still need to learn the code a bit better and sometimes I get struck stuck on the basics. I also need to work on getting more done on my own rather asking classmates where I've gone wrong and what I need to change. Although I do make the changes myself I still have to ask classmates why my code doesn't work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will try to work through the code on my own I try every possibility, rather than asking other people where I've gone wrong and then fixing it. I may also ask the teacher for a bit of help if I still get stuck next lesson. Hopefully it is not as hard next lesson as I do think that last lesson I was doing some very difficult exercises.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


.

