---
title: Week 13 - 15/05/17
layout: post
author: matt.moloney
permalink: /week-13---15/05/17/
source-id: 1RS-HIfN-RqsoSGggoPDcq-c5QEf-MWf6Q1s8U3-UalI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 13</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>19%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>29%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No. I got to 23%</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I moved places this week which helped me a lot, even if I didn't get as far this week. I felt like I was actually learning how to independently do code. Even if I didn't do as much, I feel like was doing more for myself in the future. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to get on with work quicker. It is preventing me from performing to my best and I am not getting enough coding done in the lesson. I am also finding the coding very hard, which is also slowing me down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try really hard next lesson, and I will try to get as much done as possible. Also, I may try to ask for help from someone if I continue to struggle a lot.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


Wednesday 17 may 10 mins   (done)

Friday 19 may 10 mins   (missed)

Sunday 21 may 10 mins   (did 20 mins to catch up from friday)

Tuesday (missed)

Thursday (missed)

Saturday (caught up with 20 mins from Tuesday & Thursday. Also doing 40 mins as I am not here for the rest of half term. Also I have to do the 10 mins for today. 70 mins in total)

Monday (already done)

Wednesday (already done)

Friday (already done)

Sunday (already done)

